Thou shalt not take the name of Dom in vain. When you take it, be sure you make good use of it.
All animals are equal.
Is there a report you want Vinay to automate?
Dileep, someone's looking for you. There's a Bat-Signal up in the sky!
You don't have to burn books to destroy a culture. Just get people to stop reading them.
Welcome to P.O.R.K.
V. for Vindaloo.
Bacon Begins.
Nanananananananananana Batman!
Someone get Shwetha a box of chocolates.
I'm going to tell you a secret. I'm alive, man.
Adrian, how long have you been seeing Ketki now?
Saloni, Bhabhi-jaan, Amung says hi!
Dude, your TL knows that you didn't upload your articles yet.
It's review time! That means it's time to review whether or not we've written all the articles.
Psst. Booger alert.
When the Jews started their entire stoning people to death gig, they were misinterpreting the Holy Word. Ask Varkey. He knows what I mean.
Flipkart was built, not by bricks, but by books. These walls scream about books and how literature helped this company.
Someone get me a charger!
Amit, make some hash browns!
You're in pretty good shape for the shape you are in.
Shwetha, *giggle*.
Shalini, you just missed the chaiwala.
Amung, it's time now.
It's so cold, but that's the best weather to launch rockets.
Because I'm Batman.
Did someone say Food? Feed Vinay!
So you're in a team of writers? Do you guys read?
Flash alert!
OINK and all related tools were created by Vinay Keerthi.
Hadippa!
Someone go to Ayeshwaree and get a packet of chips right now! I have Sodexo!
What's in a name? That which we call Varun by any other name would be as pretty.
Nam, Teju's calling.
Nam, it's shopping time!
Is Varkey around? Of course he is.
Dileep, is that Batman sign still around?
It's been a great journey you guys.
Have you guys checked out Leonardo? It's epic.
Guys, please support Dileep's band.
Is it a Monday? Is Dileep here? GASP!
The proof of the God is in the Mustard.
And people wonder who painted the Bat symbol on the lights outside Esteem Asrani.
Amit, where's the chicken, man?
O Captain! my Captain! our fearful trip is done.
"Rawr", said Jyothsna.
If Bhuvi were still around, I could have asked her to go get me Pepsi, and the poor ditz would.
Thank you for using OINK. Really.
Sherin, you're so thendi types.
Sssh. Vinay's working.
You guys can throw all the papers you want now. Sourabha's not around.
I think I shall never see, a girl as pretty as Varun.
Five exclamation marks, the sure sign of an insane mind.
Ask Sreepathy for that Plain Dosa again.
Is Sreepathy wearing his "I haven't taken a bath today" pullover?
If Varun's late today, it's because he tried, begged and coaxed nearly 20 auto drivers and all of them refused to come this way. Poor him.
Some people have lemons.
It's lunch time I can do what I want.
I'm like a radio, there's no rewind button.
No one likes it nice and slow.
One nice sentence does not a nice article make.
Nobody wants to do it after lunch.
James luuurves Bringa. Bringa luuurves books.
Pathy I'll kill you so badly.
A couple that styles alike is a couple that stays together.
Let's turn off the lights, it'll be better in the dark.
Sreepathy is in heat.
Makeup helps cover a multitude of sins.
Varkey: I'm not really a crying person, I haven't cried in a long time. Helen: Get married Varkey, then you'll cry every day.
Let your missiles collide with hers.
It's photo time! Say Dileep's gay!
This is Sparta!
Varkey, are you married yet?
Why is it so silent here? Is Jyothsna on leave?
Someone call the Mighty Spartans and Leonidas. You don't know who that is? It's Amrita and her team.
Nothing ends, Adrian. Nothing ever ends.
Do the Bringa! *dances*
Spartans! Ready your breakfast and eat hearty... For tonight, we dine in hell!
Adrian Basil, let the leaf puns begin.
Kattappa killed Bahubali because he got a fatal.
When life gives you lemons, chuck it right back.
Someone tell Junior get back to work.
If human beings had remote controls, someone needs to press Amung's mute button.
Wanna know how I got these scars?
I'll make him an offer he can't refuse.
Thanks for the awesome bookmarks, Jyo.
Jyothsna doesn't have volume control. Her voice is constantly out of control.
Are you pleased? If not, go look at Sanesh. He's got a pleasing face.
Sreepathy! Are you going to Cafe Terra?
Machines take me by surprise with great frequency.
Dileep, something hideous passed by, and it says it wants its joke back.
Thank you for using OINK, this couldn't have been possible without you guys.
I wish Anamika was still around. Pot luck is boring without her.
Adrian, let's go get a glass of Pepsi.
Quick, someone take a video of Amung and post it on Content Mafia. She's probably doing something hilarious.
In the Beginning, God created the Heaven and the Earth. Then, Varkey hi-fived him and said good job.
Jesus turned the water to wine. If you don't believe me, ask Varkey. He drank that shit.
Godzilla is coming.
Avengers, assemble!
Whosoever holds this hammer, if he be worthy, shall possess the power of Thor.
Heil Hitler. Oops, I mean Dom.
Concentrate.
You're thinking too loud.
No slacking off!
Is that what they're calling it now?
Dileep! Stella's looking for you.
That's what she said.
Oink, oink.
Ananya, the world is just like this. Kyunki saas bhi kabhi bahu thiiii!
Ping your TL and tell her that your internet connection isn't working.
It's time to have fun. Didn't I calendar you?
I before E except after C.
STELLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Sit down and type.
Sanesh, Remya says she misses you.
Where's the beef?
Get back to work you poozers.
It's fun friday. Pretend you're having fun!
Dileep, something like that!
Does anyone have a One Plus Three Invite?
Varkey, you're still here, right? What am I saying, of course you are.
Dominique Yates.
Manjeet, where's the Diwali money? How do you rip off your own team man? N.o.t. c.o.o.l. m.a.n.
Does Sreepathy Still Type Like This?
Namratha ChandraMouleswara. Such a long name.
Is it Dussera? Then Jyo's cousin's holding a ball, or something. Jyo would go, but there are no glass slippers that can hold a Tyrannosaurus Rex's feet.
Sanesh, Bollywood called. It said you're too Karan Johar for them.
Nam, shout with me. THE GOLDEN CRANE FLIES FOR TARMON GAIDON!
You educate a man; you educate a man. You educate a woman; you educate a generation.
Dinosaurs didn't read. Look what happened to them!
Is Shalini out skydiving?
"Sexts" is a waste of saliva.
Amit, get the Chicken Curry, man.
Ananya, your feet are corny, like Pathy's jokes.
Like a dog I have to collect my own bullets.
No fluids involved in our marriage.
Don't worry I'll pull it out.
Need a body bag? Buy VIP luggage!
Is the Wi-Fi working?
12-4=11
Everyone, shout "Oh-smosis" when Varkey is around.
Nam, there's a delivery guy waiting for you downstairs.
Dileep, it's business time.
I think the reason these meeting rooms at Esteem Asrani are named after bikes is because of all the managers who spend their time farting there. It sounds like old bikes revving up.
Amung: It won't stretch. It's already stretched.
Amung: She left her pleasure here!
Amung to Nam: Business on the inside, pleasure on the outside.
Amung to Nam: Don't let Dileep breath into my bottle. Dileep: That's all I have to do right now? Breathe into your bottle?
Amung: I pee like a lady.
Saloni: Amung stop jumping like your bunny. Behave like a lady.
Amung: Can you fan me for 2-3 minutes while I open this thing?
A Project Manager is like the madam in a brothel. His job is to see that everything comes off right.
Do you know who I am? I am Big Brother.
I am watching you.
Pssssst. I'm secretly recording all you type. Dom asked me to.
Remember the Books Team? Rana, Bhuvi, Vinay, Shalini and Sourabha?
If Sandhya were around, I'd make some Jesus jokes.
Is Sandhya still drawing rent from her tenants\friends?
Manjeet, you need to spend more time in meetings. Seriously. Can't an advanced AI get anything done around here?
Pathy has the same thing as Amung.
Your freedom to swing your arm ends where my nose begins. 
I'll miss you guys.
Nice knowing you guys.